tobias's just here already
diligently prepare coffee on the piece
he was the motto is already ours
host yes of incurable vacuum and
the great the beautiful as fritz of the
butcher stepped out of the Karlsruhe keep
So I built everything up
in the weather we are very happy that
We have a garage multimedia
stations and now you can
I really have a go too
for Mach times faster
now just a short bread
that 's nice
ok out that the onion sandwich
Attention season the bread I would not
and there is also somehow meat
all that with cheese onions and
Delicious do not want it
that's just indirect
pushed away
so that the cellar children a bit
pain and
Yes
has still not announced still
a piece of something not just bread
not just bread exactly eight thats
By the way , the cheese is already on the
good meriva soundtracks and me yes
Now first the bridge with the
Onion konfi bit on it
then come on these onions fell
like the mayonnaise horseradish
about the cut cutest
but
cut to the point that comes then
right now up
then the cover comes over it
Often think that's enough bread
beautiful enter really great
now again in the middle
cut and tried without
she already had
So the only thing we do is boys
not not only the new you
We have all been created exactly
eaten
are you with your first self
satisfied triangle